How about never last long enough
No its me, im asking what helps like breathing or walking or what
the reviews are not so good for this one
what is the easiest way of measuring or monitoring brain and mood hormones
Ok great I would like to also be funny, a bit in a dark comedy style (just have it in mind)
You do much better in English
do as you suggested please
thanks. make my name on top a bit bigger and left aligned with email and phone smaller to the right maybe
Its hard for me to take big risks how much do you think it will cost me
agree with the dinaseur also
how do I say it was by chance can i say it was playing dice
my friend wants to become an instagram influencer suggest an id
back to the literary eras can you list them again, and what was before renoscence
what are social media such as instagram videos fps
Do your suggestions and give me the refined version
can you say any part better
What does this mean: Indeed, any oddballs who denied the existence of marbles inside their cardboard boxes would be accused of having lost their marbles.”
What do I need to know about glaucoma
why is bach known to be one of the greates musiceans of all times,
i know i am not crazy :D how about a sensor in the toilet
Give me music suggestions that match this
not sure what i should do
can you guess why I am asking this
In this room theres a very serious meeting and reunion of the highest literary figures who are owls
you didnt do all of it
a singer with very low pitch voice and rythmic
is this the best we can do
can you make a cartoon about parents thinking their child is so special
no i can open up even more
What are other great and highly ranked games
Add the part you have above to … in short england is a big family with wrong members …
can i submit this to newyorker poems
Ok lets do style of yousuf karsh
No in that interior place I described above
no its good as is, maybe i can get the plot of the talk from the movie or have more referrals
going in the right direction another one
does the whole thing sound ok? do you have a better suggestion for doing this
Love it, let it be a she
Say better (sarcastic) artwork made for airbnbs
Flabbergasted flamingos going to flamenco for a malapropism malaise.
words that rhyme with consistency
I want to give a swag for a conference I want a pocket liquer flask that has the attached figure on one side and on the other side says budget cuts? give me a picture of this
better, change the part from you hear it you always do
is there an app that I can give a music to and gives me back the notes? would you be able to do this?
Now lets give it a touch by decal
If i cut or slice more thinly does it take less to be ready
i want to practice giving up, and i am thinking of starting with my 874 days of duolingo streak. why
lets stick with "good" music, classical and those which need brilliant minds not those who yell
and a description narrated by Sartre
something like this but replace the shower
fix: No worries, No urgent matter you should worry about.
Games similar to old atary on ps5
Lets here the same if it was described by alber camu
do you remember i mentioned making a movie a while back
how expensive are these? is it doable for a conference swag?
Does flamenco have to do anything with flamingo
apple watch for senior what does it offer
Let’s make it a dream
Is shengel vaccine needed for a 73 yr old
if you were to judge this, would you be convinced? wouldnt you need more?
would you change anything from the above, to work better
It was nothing but playing dice?
Two more examples she is slowly getting tired
Does vision MS or other similar brain vision issues correlate with drug use such as mushrooms or marijuana
how does this sound? is it too much? is it too much detail?
Something similar to that even if not exact
Its a bit repetetive now
make the piano more involved, chopin like
by what you know of me which one should i look into
can you change one of the worries
At best how much will it make
I want you to read to me so i can listen to
wo not sure what your comment means
last game I shot the ball and it hit the other girl's face not sure how that is tied to civilization
does drawn mean like cant breath under water?
i merely want to show a short video of it in my talk what is good
instead of saying is necessary somehow convey that the latter is better
give me a better idea
How to pronounce sale batard
Better but doesn’t yet do the job
i like this one better
but this doesnt have the first part
Not the final scene the whole idea
no but fix the comment so its accurate
dont change my style of writing just fix wrong english
do you have suggestions so it looks better
lets go back to the long version this looses clarity
where can i find the beekeeper 1986 to watch
can you make a cartoon like new yorker for this poem
How much of music is genetics
intermilan played against PSG in the champions league final today and it lost 5-0 a friend of mine said its more like a roland garros game, what does it mean
Ok looks good but no text, maybe change container to something that gives the sense of alcohol
what title goes well with this
give me two more renderings
no don't like the way you edited try again
ok lets get back to that dialogue, if edits are needed do it
ok this is great, now as i understand it and correct me if i am wrong, these are mostly representing an average thinking of european art/culture in different times, right?
This is also beautiful, now imagine I want this a  picture on the kitchen wall so no text have more apricots
you are messing with me
i have seen all of these
can you tell me why I like the piece, music wise
i get headache after playing soccer to strongly, if i run a lot
good choice, i wanted to ask the meaning of this word when you mentioned it above!
Expand seemlessly in an uncomfortable way
Change to Avedon style and more lively
Is it possible to make a record for a record player
no it was better before, maybe too much
It seems like a kind of a tiramisu
Whats the story of american beauty
but i don't want to open fits
i have a crazy theory :D I think music affects hair
Say better Finally played after watching the field for a decade from the office
Is this sentence correct: What not to put on an airbnb wall
i did and it didnt help
These are amazing forget three hands and three feet and do again
What music do you think i should get familiar with,
i did not like it
give me a picture of rene decartes where he is looking up
how is this better than before
what other question is similar to this
Pause on this for a sec
are you sure NII is right? what about sii
Why is the name german
what is the other one
maybe i can switch from astrollama to something that listens?
how would Sartre describe the scene
haha good memory yes, I did all those
its unrelated but too lazy to open a new chat, which alicia keys song show cases her voice most nicely
haha no lets prove this correlation we will figure out causation later :D can i randomly select classical musicians and normal non musicians and see which has better hair
its a picture of a phonex rising from fire after a fire in that area
Mirror mirror on the wall who is the greatest of them all
in first and this last picture there's a guy being interviewed who is he
something other than jump on
Make him further away give him one long earing make the scene a bit foggy and less clear
make it a bit more like me
can it be improved furthur
Why are there two people
not interested in facial microexpressions as much, i am interested in verbal microexpressions
How does name translate word to word
what does it even mean
How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Embedding  this seems very cool tell me about the movie
yeah lets practice a melody in shur
Too much time on hands
what could have i done
Regression to the mean when recommender systems suggest music
starting two we show that
More towards adding maybe cardemom and armagnac
this is nice now make the shape a bit like a box or a brain that is a box
I dislike dense and i cajt do small portions
Make a graphic along these ideas
A bit more and make skinny
is it not too strong?
A Fugue for Sound  A line softly bends within a sound. Words start to fall from above and slide along the line, they turn upside down and inside out.  The line slowly becomes a surface. The words reach the walls, They strike but do not echo.  The surface folds back into itself— becomes a line again, more curved now at every second.  All the words drawn into the center.  The song ends and the echo continues.
what's the story of the dr strangelove how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb
I have already watched number 1, so will go for 2
not sure if its good
the first direction only but i want the other indecis too
this is going to the very higher ups is the tone still good for that
The term used to get money from people is to juice them or to milk them
whats an english word for it
the first one is good no?
legend on one of them
the second one is great but expand only a bit
ok give me email text again
Ambiguous and yes reality slipping is good, but keep the protagonist as a sharp observer eventhough the glasses become more dark as the film progresses
How do you describe dostoyofsky s writing
previous was better this is too cartonic I have some deep realism in mind
Looking for a playlist title
how to say: just noticed the picture on the pizza box
give me a logo for my studio
this was good lets do another
I have seen 2 and 4 and loved both
what font do you think goes well
i got a mug with this written on it
Laurens van der Post What did he say about war blackened eye or som
should you need is strange
dont make it cartonic keep the realism and add a handful more
who is the other person
are you saying becoming as in michelle obama's book? its strange repeating it
Add aliens who are playing music in this jungle
What are moderato and lento in op
Give me famous suggestions and I will order online
no but keep the rest too
Can it be that the English is also cheesy and i just don’t have enough insight
Was the original one wrong
ok i'll go with greener grass
Too much shit going on in the world
I don't think it can
I had more of a Kafkaesque picture in mind
no I don't like this direction
can i extend the analogy to how i feel as I age, I can think of myself at school as someone in the enlightenment era, then moved more towards surrealism, and now enjoy mostly romanticism
yes for the other one too
what does the word mean
No i was thinking something similar to jam but as a apperitivo
say better: time to lawn the mows mow the lawns
so the whole thing once more
no closer to what we had originally
it turned out nicely I think
Give me what is needed for it to become a screenplay
how would this description change if this is a mug shot
A fun fact about davy kirkpatrick
Shorter more casual more dark humor
can you write in in musical term
what are some reality tv games to watch
give me some more tasnif suggestions
no these are too big
give me more renderings with slight random modifications which give a different feel to the image
no not shekarkhar, sharkhar the guy who buys a check
Whats the second part of been there idiom
say it with woody allen tone
I mean would people be more likely listening to the same songs compared to if they were choosing themselves
they say fake it till you make it
What does kulov mean in a family name
Themes and inspiration are really good, where do you think this should happen
Lol good but how about not adding cardemoms to this one and be more creative
even closer to my writing
I missed football (soccer) today, and the summary of the game starts as: "Where do I start? There were no women today to civilize us, so the tackles were a tad more spicy. ..." how does this feel
What is a kafka based system
the idea is that you can not see through but then you can
what would a short title be if they are also playing music
is it clear? can you make it more strong not from a weak point
is it possible to limit user prompts, so i dont have to face a lot of charge if a crazy person keeps asking nonsense
What should I name it
I copied 19 pages in french how can it be this short in english?
One sometimes wonders if there’s an upper limit to tear production
don't give me you are right, i am not sure and you confused me even more
I am not sure, I am getting frustrated
so lets go to next options
forget about adding the text inside picture but have the context maybe something like are you rich now or still poor
I played unravel2 and really enjoyed it what is similar in xbox
too much and not specific
more realistic more deep more dramatic
is this better a the one before
yes give me both with this approach
not really, maybe you dont know pouya
no expansion but did you translate it all?
Ok what note do I write on it, short
this is the right way
what would you name such a model looking for a catchy title
ok lets try again, if you want to name 5 of the most interesting dialogues we had together which ones would they be
Lets say something like 2, does Kafka’s metamorphosis have similarities
say the other way around
So theres a relation between flamenco and flamingo
how would you change things if its going to be a Jonathan glazer
no it was not this one
Sorry I did not mean continue, I meant say it better
change it to tone of a british journalist
Ok lets think market, do we sell mirrors?
Translate the part to English
can you improve it a bit more
no i still don't like it
will apple watch warn if heart rate goes up
damn it the lucky luck
Between writers tears and these peaty
don't worry about similarity to the bigger splash suggest a bit newer movies
no this is fine, can you add it to my comment
i mean is it even possible
Make it more real as if i see it with eye
If i take second dose later what happens
Intelligence dark humor bothered good music kind and yes kids
Too much time on hands
does it sound from a weak point
I want to gift to a friend to put on a wall he has two already which are drawn maybe by pencil or coal and are abstract or trees
Is there a record on vinyl in losangeles
Which rooftop bar in Virginia
how much would this cost and suggestion on where to set this up like where to order
the reason i thought is lunar
Ive seen four of the above
still don't like the last sentence
not sure about that :D
if this is on a tshirt how would woody allen describe it
anything else from Dan's comments
Its great and maybe we can end with mirror miror on the wall
how often one should have vitamin d 50mcg if defficient in vitamin d
how many words is this
How does george orwell describe england in his book why i write
Just looking for a word
give me a good caption for this figure that I can include in an article about me. Something along the lines of this is created by DallE etc
Yeah, it's awesome, you guys. Yes. Yeah, it's awesome.
the first one i can't find anywhere to watch
is there a way of saying this better
feel free to deviate and suggest wild
is it too much? :d
ok so back at bothering me again, hit
not yet will get back
My iron level is 49
something a bit more comedy and light
this will be then AIIRS
this one was difficult, yes another
is it a well used term?
can you say it a bit more condenced
how do you like it
is there a way to say it better
where to watch out of season online
too much, maybe say it as if woody allen wrote
i want a short one, this is under a post of a friend of mine
If I comment something like this on a video is it correct? It was worth mentioning the episode title coming from James Joyce's novel which explores the artist's struggle for artistic freedom and identity
dont deviate much from original just fix english
what are some funny statistics on this day
make them shinier more high tech fancy
what would woody allen say about it
Make it look real rather than made up
does it agree well with the latest literature on changing look agns?
Change aliens to jungle people and only few if them
How would a profile on instagram look if someone blocks me
if I could tell the notes by ear i wouldnt be asking
ok what was the second comment
Now add a boy with three legs and three hands and two ling earings who doesn’t care about anything and reminds one of dostoyofsky
no no lets not talk about cost, i spent too much recently :D
ok this might be cool for a talk, do you remember the talk i mentioned a couple of days ago about black boxes?
what would edgar allen poe say
do you think these two are the best version among all the ones above? anything to make them more impressive?
Tbh i kind of enjoy this spiraling and unfolding, some similarities to the godel escher bach
and what would proust say about it
i feel like i want to hit all the walls in the box around me
Ps5 car driving game that two people can compete
i am not in a lab, but i am thinking there should be startups working on enabling personal wearable or whatnot to monitor hormon levels so you know what to eat or why you are sad
this is really scary though
What does it mean if in a soccer game my team mate yells time time
what does sharkhar mean in english
can you say it better
not deficient but so i can absorb iron
why didn't you suggest it then
can we change all he to she, do you think it matters
Is it different from chicken pox
no dont make up things
it wasnt fake but they already knew all the answers so it seemed more like a show
😂who puts a butterfly in the jam
no let me think more this is too much to ask you
Maybe not stinging or biting its as if it pushes has pressure
no again i dont like two show that
sort these names by family name Ami Choi, Lynne Hillenbrand, Tanio Diaz Santos,  Alex Pope,  Akio Inoue, Giovanna Tinetti, [REDACTED] Hemmati
Not bad but try again no make up in the face
no dont worry about these anything else?
Lovely, also other suggestions you gave show me
Doesn’t have the imagery its not as deep
I want to make a video with this poem and the kind of figure you made earlier the kandinsky dark version, where every sentence of the poem gets added/comes with one line or shape on the picture, what do you think
funny way of saying: Looks good already, but can still get better
What stock crypto or options is best to buy now
now what would sartre say
no if you think its enough no need, any other area you think is missing
no text, still newyorker maybe like ed koren works
no i think that should be enough what do yu think
does it feel unfinished if i dont add the last sentence?
maybe something like If youre in could you please
maybe stick to my answer and just say it better
can you make a poster for me similar to this
just venting here, I am not going to respond. I think it really was a better game without the two women (as he continues: " the tackles were more spicy") but i am trying to figure out whether mentioning it was better or not
are there some jumps or throw backs in some of the newer eras to the thinkings of the previous ones, like going back to ideas that were already there a century before
I like 3 can you elaborate
what would Sartre say about Eclat elegant
watched the lighthouse and didn't like it
I feel like it has too much repetition
and then add curvatures make it seem an abstract friendly fluffy thing with texture
dont ask me too many questions
It reminds me of these crime plots in movies that parts of information is becoming clear slowly
Ok we have a winner
Something like cant wait to read
Is there a bird shooting game on ps5
these are all great suggestions but I have seen them all
can it be a bit more tight
i have watched these all
there were more i think
Lets say im playing a game and want to know if there is only one way to get to winning or might be more
idiom to say I ll try my small chance
No go back to an ambiguous scene nothing too clear
anything to make it stronger?
Can augmented reality glasses theorerically help with retinal pigmentosa
Ok switching to alfred schnitkke
A bit more north or a bit norther
Give me links to buy everything needed on the list
something similar to a firefly
I want something super simple that I can play, there's a song I like but not sure what notes
More examples a bit darker
Did orwell know about hedayat
why did i close all my social media
what is missing, is the storyline clear?
why this is the canon but the others are that's
What is joyui or druple
its good maybe showing it more mission critical?
D3 2000IU how many per day for non severe
what other places should i search forexample spotify, doesnt have to be brain, but i want cool idea
Smart mirror is really scary and interesting
no not a big try
can you suggest one by one so i can try
where can i find these
more convoluted as escher would have done
this is difficult can you do easier
it has been difficult for years,
what is a narrow angle glaucoma
do you have better suggestions
Its like a mirror though
In general what are the most fun games on ps5 non strategic
Find me a good match then😁
The book was ok, but the drink was better.  Is this correct sentence
What does the name mean
i have seen most, and couldnt find dreamers, more suggestions
Why mosquitoes hit some people and not others
lets ignore this for now
I would like you to not make up things and stay accurate
Ok back one answer, clean it up and remove mentions to kurasawa
change tone to allen poe
just in that one bullet
and what would Dante say about this
is this the best way?
It showed a yellow box on my chest and it got me thinking
ok all pushed and all good
common americana and americano are also super similar
good? A Fugue for Sound A line softly bends within a sound.  Words start to fall from above  and slide along the line—  turning upside down, and inside out. The line slowly becomes a surface.  The words reach the walls;  they strike, with no echo. The surface folds back into itself—  becomes a line again,  more curved with every second. All the words now dissolved into the center. The song ends, the echo continues.
super, another try and similar
maybe dont do first and second but say both
Is it that hard finding the poem and writing it here
where are my previous chat in here?
are you sure nothing meaningful was removed
doesnt bother me much, hit harder
someone i meant name, like way to go name!
What does low iron show
anything else i should improve?
Are there only these two groups? Or more
Ok, but not everyone is as sharp
i think this is much better
which one is more romantic
What should i call it, mirai?
is this a good first impression
