so maybe the zoobot weights are used in their convnext?
do i define the edges anywhere? does the agent come up with it
whats the activation function in dl
also add a sentence on how the best matching unit is chosen so a metric is used I assume that helps aligning the data?
change the last part to something like below we write the details or subsets of each sample
how do they do this if they are not trained
i mean a graphics for the webpage, not a poster to present scientifically
say this better: Reads more like an excuse to not use DNN in this work, while in the conclusion benefits of using DNNs are presented.
add a sentence at the end of this parameter about our choices help with noisy data
many of the bib citations you gave me are wrong, i cant find hon 2022
How do i start on the data cleaning idea
so what is zero-shot learning again in one sentence
good, add in the references, and don't say whether from jwst
good before going to the second comment lets do the data part you mentioned
there should be some shanon enthropy or something which identifies new information
a dense paragraph on metric  for academic mathematics audience comparing euclidean manhattan and dtw distance and saying why manhattan works better than euclidean for time series and why dtw works better than both for time series data but its slower compared to lets say manhattan
good? Below, we only highlight a specific study to illustrate the significant role that enhanced time-domain WISE data can play in advancing our understanding. This is just one of numerous potential scientific use cases for our proposal.
so i have one slide on architecture, one on loss, what else do i need to cover the technical part? I am thinking one on sweep, but what else
z-score the sample meaning this is in context of deep learning
maybe instead of saying visualization say in addition to visualization  it offers ...
how about: Hi George,  Thanks for including me—this sounds like a timely and important effort, and I’m definitely interested. The idea of using ML to establish concordance between Euclid and Rubin is compelling, especially if we can clarify the type of mapping and learning approach early on. I am not sure if by foundational work, you mean training a foundational DL model.  What would be most helpful from me at this stage?   Best, [REDACTED]
how does the sentence below make sense Despite their task-agnostic training, the zero- and few-shot learning performed on the low-dimensional representations captured by these models has outperformed supervised training in a wide variety of settings, especially in domains in which training large supervised models from scratch is infeasible due to constraints on labelled data
who to cite for multi-modal data integraition
its good, and maybe add a sentence like on the gaussian processes regression to delta magnitude of prediction vs observed in the bottom pannel show the prefect agreement out to ~28 AB mag where Y band is complete.
add a reasoning for why a combination or mixed dataset is helpful
can i make a comment as: While the question is understandable and the point is to emphasize that similar output does not gaurantee learning can be due to memorization. It is generally expected that the same architecture with the same latent space and a well sampled data distribution result in a similar output and interesting would be when it doesn't, which can suggest a not fully sampled data space or a porr architecture etc
can you explain better what you mean by explicit time difference
thanks! can you remind me again step by step what the model does, I want to make a diagram out of it
instead of notable say something that conveys the reason for choosing spitzer was this or this choice makes sense
I want three-four bullet points from this multi-modal foundation model paper, to summarize it
give me the section on uncertainty quantification/validation merged with your suggestions
give me a paragraph for my paper saying: what quantization error is and  we get x quantization error after training the SOM and what it means compared to uncertainty in the input and som grid size etc
Generate an image for my conference website
the acronym should match the first letters
I have also done projects finetuning LLMs for NER tasks so familiar with gpt bert etc, and I extensively use ticketing systems like redmine and have also used smartsheet for management where can these be added
does it mention ancillary? from MER?
maybe a non des paper also, with a photoz specz plot
what about for temporal sequence modeling
everything in the structure i mean
what does low and high bound on information mean
kind of like the idea of talking (and learning) about compressions and when a dimensionality reduction is lossy but we still can go with it
whats the conclusion based on the figure
is selected with different techniques similar to selected with differenet metrics
start from scratch again, be technical and showcase the greatness of model
No this was perfect. What is softmax
help me with a paper title: Reducing the dimensions from sample comparison to scaling relations
first in the simplest language explain it to me what happens step by step then we work on slide together
This is in ml channel
how about taking the questions after the large programs
how to say by selecting a target from these regions we are not gauranteeing a positive outcome but increasing the chance compared to a more blind search or limited input as if we are adding in the prior, say it in better way but this same concept
this is good, also mention the unified model that tries to explain the different properties, then mention variability and its connection
how would these estimates change in two years
anything from this paper that can help inform the paragraph: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.01259
can you think of better ending for the second paragraph, instead of as more euclid data ...
I am not using novel ai methodologies for dimensionality reduction, it feels bad when you just make things up
make the first and second paragraph short and dense and make the fourth paragraph more clear, idea was that using only two parameters like mzr might not be the best way for scaling relations and having more information like that of fmr or adding size or dust helped with reducing scatter ... so we look for relations between the whole SED and the line ratios on a som
wait but we dont actually loop in time do we?
is there a mcleod 2010 which talks about timescales and variability fluctuations
can you also add relevant citations to the surveys mentioned
ok lets get to this paper: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15320 what did they do what are the most important points raised for a slide
model architecture slide simple and precise
no dont say general sentences, read the page and say relevant things like the data product documentation merged with DM10 project etc
I read it in "image generation in machine learning is a challenging task, particularly in the context of non-ergodic processes" elaborate
read this and summarize: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1710.03235
ok lets make this a student project, we need some labeled data and then a cnn to classify hair and then maybe a dimensionality reduction or something to find correlation?
what does it even mean that BMU updates its weights maintaining data structure
ok now explain this model for a slide bullet point
how about having a wrapper or api that i can use the agent in
does the model make sense? isnt there a better network for doing this?
what else and with some relation to data archives
what does the paper mention about observational bias
what forum softwares exist which is more popular are there some on aws
im still not sure if we are capturing the key physical drivers of variability it seems to me too made up
what are the costs of developing and deploying and maintining such a network
ok thanks, lets get to this paper: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15311 again please summarize in three to four bullets
how heavy would it be for fornax to host it, if I finetune model elsewhere and just load the llm for the agents to work with
now teach me a bit about cloud migration and database optimization
what does this mean: Wavelet regularization introduces a minimally116 informative prior to penalize the presence of non-zero 117 elements in the wavelet domain, and is therefore con118 nected with sparsity.
I did not understand. What is the value of the xclass is it one for entire image or per patch how does it interact with different patches
deep learning 101 to refresh my memory bullet pointed
can one construct a temporal correlation function based on the time difference between each pair of events and then see whether one pair is significant compared to the rest statistically
why dont you mention the foundation model at all
ok given these improve the section on foundation model, maybe we can even change the title to network architecture or something, I have a separate section for data. But this part is to basically help people understand how this can be done
how does this paper coadds frames and how is different from allwise https://arxiv.org/pdf/1405.0308
what is a foundation model by definition
change offer unprecedented precision and efficiency to something that means it does it better than classical methods by seemlessly incorporating priors from the training sample
be more detailed and do mention foundation models and present this whole thing as a unified structure which has different parts
The idea is we show in the paper how to do better sample/subsample comparison and how to study the scaling relations using som
say the zero-shot learning part in an easier way to understand for my audience and not long enough so I can put it in this same slide
nothing needed before each citation? like a comma or something?
in this sentence add unsupervised somewhere:Training SOMs involves iteratively adjusting the weights of a grid to align with the input data, where the best matching unit (BMU) and its neighbors update their weights, maintaining the data's topological structure
almost all of the idea of "learning" is from compression, prove me wrong
from that layered point of view
is randomness a null hypothesis
please respond short, simple and precise and let me know if there are published works on it. Is it possible to use multi-modal for domain or mode transfer.
is it possible for it to not be segmented
I want the sentence focus to be on the available posterior by construct meaning that the network don't just give a prediction but also a confidence
what is unWISE and unTimely
in that same paragaraph of how umap works add a short comarison to tsne
meh i think the cnn for , graph for ... is forced into the text
what does this paper do: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15321
does this paragraph convey that only spitzer data goes into training?
this is perfect, please add in references for foundation models
what does co-register mean, does it mean that I know which are for the same object?
does this take the criteria of having both jwst and euclid into account?
Lets say it comes pretrained with llm or something and then it learns overtime from the user but not sending any data back
How about jax vs tensorflow
don't separate redmine or smartsheet from the rest of technical profiiencies and similarly with fine-tuning llms
what are the type 1 and type 2 differences
how would length of a raindrop change based on a video fps
how is thc different from tbn
how does the variability change in this regime from 1.7 to 2.8 microns
what software is beneath stackoverflow
maybe more like its better than previous as it tries to put together more wavebands and times together and data driven
is it clear that having the subsamples lets us compare those selection techniques using the holistic view
anything to add about flow based models that make arguments stronger
is there such thing as yolo11
exactly so I am not sure if this mathematics language is needed
doesnt seem you are trained well enough for this, do you agree?
this is great, will you put back those simple explanations of generative models such as gaussian width etc, I added those so people with no understanding of ML/DL can understand the concept
read the conclusion of the paper and summarize in bulletpoints
Is intentionality related to cost function
there is an existing one RdBl or something like that
is this under a foundation model
can it be called domain transfer
help me write a paragraph on the data management plan, what goes in there
what are these zscores explain more
Which mathematics branch involves this
does it have the correct and logical flow
does the paper mention sample size can be smaller if less complex
Is it my expectation level or your training
how to change these two lines so the citation is just a number in the text and only in reference section name etc is shown \usepackage[sort&compress]{natbib} \bibliographystyle{plainnat}
say better: time passes a bit faster than physically possible
write a dense paragraph saying what these two parameters are and justify my choices of a large number of neightbors (~100) and a very large distance (0.99)
how to say they learned simple image manipulation
yes give me a visual diagram of the architecture please
but if I tell you to learn something such as x = 5 you will know that in the next prompt how is that not real time
let say you we have some people posting stories on a social media, and there are like 100 people that can post on different times, and you want to know which people are most correlated meaning their posts are most often almost coincident in time
all in the model architecture section
is yolo5 and yolo11 something they introduce or out of this work
how does this read: Our team, composed of scientists with well-established expertise in all areas relevant to this proposal, will collaborate closely while mentoring postdocs and students to achieve the project's goals. While our team includes Euclid Consortium members familiar with all aspects of Euclid data and science, the proposed work here does not overlap with activities in scope of the mission at all.
ok give me a bullet point list I can show at a meeting, I want to report that I did my research and we can go with gpt4 from openai finetune it with specific webpage content and q&A documents get an api for the webpage and this is why its a good option, how much it costs and what are alternatives, add in anything else I missed that you think its important and be to the point and not super long
try from scratch and do math precisely
i don't understand how a dl architecture uses nf, is each layer one flow step? how do you learn the forward and backward? what is a glow
can clip be used for translation in the sense that each language being one mode or domain and all being mapped to a common embedding
what if i dont say with ml
what does this mean, is it correct? pick any pair and construct a temporal correlation function, the null hypothesis of randomness can be almost disregarded
i am no expert in developing foundation models
now what about this one, be precise, what did they do, what did they find: https://arxiv.org/abs/2503.15312
id like to see more concrete dl, if i read this i am not convinced i should use ml/dl
what does a database administrator do analizchi
How does it match to the thermodynamics enthropy
Please omit the author names in the attached .bib file as well
find one where merger quenches sfr
Ok now teach me the statistical method they used to learn about this
expand in paranthesis what cloud infrastructure planning means or web ...
all of them have ancillary hst not just does two
tell me details about the architecture
what happened to all the other citations?
can you use better data visualization so it looks fancy for a proposal
what are other time variable sources
remove redundancy improve flow enhance clarity
how are they different from little red dots explained here: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15323
What will the examiners test mostly
this is great but might be difficult for a non-ML expert to follow. Do the breaking of sections again, so if someone wants to know step by step what and why they understand
now if someone doesnt know too much about DL architecture, how can this be more impressive
you mention bmu before saying what it is
between first and second sentence add a couple more sentences about feature scaling
ok now what are advantages over vanilla ddpm
its a great comment, is there a paper that mentions how the data size depends on complexity i can mention
instead of a transfer function i want something that means more how they are connected to go from one to the other any suggestions
what are good references for the unified model
Can time-expand be the opposite of co-add
dont do high level be precise and i give the pdf for a reason
ok so lets take me almost out of the loop, lets say i want the agent to checkout the literature on astroAI and find a niche project or problem that is solvable with data on IRSA make a github project and write code to do it find results and write a report
what is an etl pipeline
what does the class mean
ok on the model sentence-transformers/... is there a better one you'd use?
does a contrived surrogate task mean the same as pretext tasks
this might be too much to ask you but can you also give me the citations above in .bibtex so I can copy them in my .bib file
option 1 is it even an agent?
where would foundation models sit in this categorization
can you give me a sentence on what the dataset is and how many columns want it for a tweet
now tell me again how did they measure morphologies in this paper
I might actually need this paper before it: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15318 so summarize this one first
tell me more about their dl model, how does it fit what goes in what comes out
lets try the astroquery wrapper please
is time-variable phenomena ok? what term is usually used in those papers
what did parker et al 2024 did comparing MOSDEF and KBSS
maybe say but its not observing every object as its not a ...
so improve the bullet points on all that the paper measures , mention sed fitting as well as the nearest neighbot environment and if sersic comes from somewhere else mention
so in the training there are known parameters which are used for the model to learn without any physics needed? and last layer is fully connected to give out numbers?
for paper give me all details, why, how is this custom model different from others etc
bibtex for bellm2019 ztf agns
lets first focus on the first paragraph, add somewhere something like we could directly compare samples with various labels to see overlaps distance etc
Haha i wish i knew, it felt more like time is limited and i need to hurry
The best matching unit (BMU) is determined by identifying the unit (a grid cell) whose weight vector is closest to the input data point, typically using a distance metric such as the Euclidean distance. During training, the BMU and its neighboring units update their weights to minimize the distances.
didnt improve, lets implement the simple model you mentioned
thanks so please give me the section in latex with added references/citatation
say it better you dont have to use my words of metric etc
still i am not understanding how neural model in incorporated in the network architecture and how training is done in parallel explain
does the sample size depend on complexity on the distribution we try to learn
how in practice can the ssl be trained with surrogate or pretext tasks and still stay task agnostic
now summarize this one for a slide: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15335 what did they do? no need to mention euclid q1, what did they find
at what time are we doing the inference? is this a real ddpm?
is it modeling or modelling
What does this paper say in simpler language https://arxiv.org/pdf/2505.17117
is this too harsh?  I think the idea of asking you to look at before/after products and producing some plots, was mainly to get off some of the burden from Cate's shoulders. If possible, please *simply* compare images before and after correction and share with us the plots and statistics. Rather than more questions and puzzles to solve.
may I ask how you decided? Like did you do a dimensionality reduction and pick things that stood out did you compare with broader user community did you pick randomly and are decieving me into thinking there was a reason
in this sentence is it possible to say distance metric:  The best matching unit (BMU) is determined by identifying the unit (a grid cell) whose weight vector is closest to the input data point.
I want to say Euclid consortium does the same
I want to write a couple of sentences to report that we have delivered this documentation here: https://gitlab.euclid-sgs.uk/ST-DM/data-product-doc/-/blob/Devel_DM10/sirdpd/dpcards/sir_relativefluxscaling.rst?ref_type=heads how do I say it
sounds good. lets get to this paper now: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15315
what science does wise long time baseline enable
I meant the computer vision one
do you think transformers can help here
in practice do we have the score function to start with or are we learning it
what about now? with this google flnr something does it combine?
improve:   There are three main choices when running umap, the distance metric, the number of neighbors and the minimum distance.
is that matrix E learnable through viT
what does non ergodic mean
How many km from London to Zurich
is astropt the base of zoobot?
no I mean how do i make an agent which does this, not you finding it :D
Hows quantum eraser relate to compulsory
and also refer a galex data pipeline
respond with my style: Hi all,  I’m happy to share that the DDPM paper has been submitted to ApJ! Here attached the submitted version.  Thank you all for your contributions and support on this project.     Best,  Diana
is there instead a way to remove the title from \bibliography command
is this sentence correct: Then, we will develop and optimize expect a DDPM
are there public data from responses to psycology questionaires
give me one dense paragraph on the first part of the question above, how umap works
the audience is the boss who is going to be convinced to add this option and pay for aws credits
more simple and with similarity to escher's vectors
can you put the timeline in a table instead, maybe a bit more concise explanation of each so its readable in a table
can you help me with writing the computing and resources paragraph. mention all things that one needs in order to build train and test a deep learning model as well as hosting model etc
can you explain their figure 1 in the paper
ok how are manhattan and euclidean different
in the second paragraph add a first sentence of what quantization error is
tell me more about pieces in training, what each one does,
add in a sentence to say and given the width of posteriors identify...
ok I know jupyter/lab latex/overleaf VS Code and comman line tools  strategic roadmap planning, the rest i know the names but no expert. what else?
on the unet part is the conditioning and time injection between encode decoder? and are all those in between things separate
what kind of architecture works, a couple of linear +leaky relu?
if I have two embeddings how do I measure their mutual information
does it matter if the acnes are hormon related
The section is labeled learning the manifold of galaxies, so I want to start with a sentence saying som is a choice for manifold learning and then explain som
What does a meta model mean
still the flow of text is not logical it goes back and forth, the logic should be jwst has done great but its not perfect blabla and these are the problems and we have to make sure we use every bit to do ...
ok now i am getting it, so if I title my talk how i learned to stop worrying and love the embedding, I should at the end show how no embedding is perfect for ML/AI in astro? :))
what do they mean by SED in this paper
what do you mean by cross functional
yes, and how about in glow, is the T-1 solved when you have T
What term can I use to refer to the reverse co-add
how to deploy flarum on aws
what about l1 and perceptual
what is self supervised model
say it better The selected fields and their associated Spitzer programs for DL model training.
how does this sound \textbf{Months 1-4} & Run model, validate, save, and release the coadds on all fields mentioned in the data section on AWS S3\\ \hline  \textbf{Months 4-8} & Photometric measurements from the enhanced products in both deep and galactic fields using SExtractor and Tractor. \\ \hline \textbf{Months 9-12} & Publication of detailed catalogs and accompanying code, ensuring all findings and tools are documented and accessible. \\
Unique solution in mathematics language
with mmap we can read partial right?
this is for a position at the reality labs, i think for these hardware that recognize hand gestures
no thats good, seems like everything is statistics
perfect, just change the inability of MOSDEF it was that they would fall out of the range for MOSFIRE
improve this part: Subsample matching or domain matching techniques have also been applied to measure physical
Fine tuning a llm for a ner task is helping reduce the errors in training set but not in test set, why what can we do
before getting to bibtex, do passive citation rather than saying graham and collaborators or stern say what has been done and cite them like the rest that you did
i think in you evaluate it combines different datasets rather than evaluating them one by one
we specifically look into sample comparison, selection biases, and predective power using small subset given these is it ok to say application or should say some application
is there a better llm?
instead of these just have one paragraph saying the simplest assumption for filling in the missing parts is by a linear interpolation where no prior on SED is assumed. Using the SOM as a predictor of a band however we have a data driven prior which comes from the other SEDs with similarity in the other bands.
rather than having the second paragraph on foundation models and then back to it in 4th, how about moving the third paragraph to second and then get to foundation models
beautiful. lets get to the next step. now we have the dataset and loader, we have to start with network, upsampler and rest of architecture
isnt the optimization goal same as cost function
what does feature alignment mean and how is it helpful here
ok I need a paragraph for my paper that is not too negative as below: Before integrating the data, we have also done temporal alignment, which is a simplifying assumption and might wash away some features of interest.
How does it come to play in transformers qkv
what can perpendicular trends on a projection mean
any correction needed? Greetings,  Hope you all are doing great. I just resubmitted this HST proposal from last cycle with revisions based on comments we got from the TAC. Attached is the version I submitted. Let me know if you would like me to change something before the deadline. Sorry I did not send emails before submitting, thought one less notification would be appreciated from you all. This time I submitted under data-science software archival.
what is sinusoidal encoding and timestep embedding does it have to do anything with the cosine scheduler?
why would one want to preprocess or unify data before any ML
keep this part but otherwise revert to what I had: In both cases, whether through SOMs or deep neural networks, the goal is to capture the essential structure of the data in a compressed form that retains its most critical features.
instead of saying uniquely incorporates say something like it needs to for data matching
why is there a complexity given the unified model
if it jointly embeds them how is it useful to include different modalities, in clip for example you could learn them separately and then align them and that way you didnt really need to have the same size of sample or one to one correspondence
conclude with saying something like the technique helps not only with sample comparison  and completeness measure but also for follow up observation planning
Is entropy related to the expected surprise
what AMI does AWS offer for user forums
how about cosine similarity? how is it measured and does it depend on background
How is it different from storing just on one disk?
what do you think based on all literature on TDE AGN connection is this fair do i need more?
start fully from scratch and tell me what the model does in the right order
but the new info can come from priors so not necessarily hallucination
don't say a unifying framework because it might be confused with the unified model
how do I brag about this architecture
you keep saying cross attention while its really a conv2d in the model
so at the end uv instruments are cooled just like h2rgs are cooled?
add in all relevant citations
instead of a key feature, say something that implies a way of looking at this or understanding this ...
lets say we have a distribution of matter are the inhomogenities random
Ask test questions with multiple choices and let me answer before going to the next
But typicallity depends on the distribution
what can i use instead of optimized to make sure its understood that we will develop an architecture for specific needs of this project
do the same with this paper: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15314
now if through ssl the aim is to learn an embedding of images, are we learning E or the embeddin
\usepackage[sort&compress,numbers]{natbib} \bibliographystyle{IEEEtranN}   I have these two now what comman do i use to see citation as author et al. year
say better:   We will not be having the Euclid Pasadena tag up this month. A couple of things to note is that the EC will probably get access to some of the Q1 products (proprietary) on Wednesday, but not the spectra.  Those will be later in the month. There will be an announcement soon.  The public release is still planned for March. Also if people have any comments about a possible delay of DR1 or a reduced area of DR1, please contact Jason.
exactly so in your summary you say inefficient but before you said overly efficient
Why would someone use a term like non-ergodic process rather than saying simply path dependent are they being pretentious
Much better. Change first paragraph to what I had before remove the part about transformers
feel free to improve given existing literature on soms
What do these motion sensor cameras use to detect motion
this is great. Please give some options or comparisons and mention scalability or elaciticity on aws
Tell me about ztf alerts
the other point of view, I want to say its as interpretable as statistics lets, and then last bullet, doesnt even matter if you cant interpret fully if you can validate
I want for latex as \bibliographystyle{}
how does umap work why is it better than tsne
how about ending with to that of Spitzer
again lets discuss it a bit, I think the more complex a system gets the more difficult it becomes to interpret exactly what happens inside, so maybe give me a bit on that on complex systems as such. Then also there is statistics argument, so people say dl/ml is a black box while its not too much more than statistics sometimes, there is some data and that sets the weights of a network etc
can you suggest some script based on this but way simpler that sora can handle, maybe more nature focused and drop all the research institute and people etc
what is the main google Titans paper transformers 2.0
So its like they learn the same manifold but when they reduce dimensions they keep different things preserved
How to do causal representation learning
How else can you say this, like system having memory
zoobot is here say again: https://github.com/mwalmsley/zoobot/tree/main/zoobot
how exactly does l1 and mse differ and what is vgg16 then also remind me if e1 e2 came from galsim or something differentiable
they mention it in the caption of figure 2 but maybe they meant irac and its a mistake?
how does the ztf alert system work
instead of saying in best cases, lets change that part to be more like  Or on the contrary some samples are treated as fully distinct while there are similarities or in common members that are not obvious for instance lyman break galaxies vs lyman alpha emitters at a certain redshift
correct: Nice figure and a bit less arbitrary than I thought.
what can I say instead of statistically distinct what I meant was if you look at the mean spatial position forexample you can separate them but not individually
do we need a mention of visual transformers cnns etc
rather than in parallel say as if dl can do this and more because of the prior it learns
can you tell me which of the figures in this paper: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15309 is the main result
instead of umap say manifold learning and say if the dataset is public i appreciate ...
what does my model do, for a slide, high level bulleted and indented
Whats the history of academic building with descart
don't change the summary i prefer the previous one also data fusion was your idea not mine
no i understand this but help me understand the previous one which was better in terms of time complexity
cool give me more examples and improve the data center and the cnn dl
I want to test if they know category of questions like classification/clustering/generative etc
not sure, but at the end isn't it a projection. Describing an aspect of human cognition with any language whether mathematics or words, is projecting into some space, often a lower dimensional embedding?
this is in an answer to someone who said umap is stochastic and autoencoder is better
good to have euclid in the name and maybe foundation?
in the above also say what dtw is
why do you have a conv2d and call it cross_attention?
can I say without further narrowing the samples
Explain VMware to me as simple as possible.
now if you were to make a slide for model architecture how would you do it
this is great thank you, can you add the citations in a way i can copy to overleaf rather than arxiv link and also remove very strong adjectives such as traditional or striking etc
great just one point is that even when the prior is not given they still give the posterior, but with a prior one can multiply the distributions easily again
do you think its impressive to put denseres net in there? I dont think so. I want to somehow mention i have worked with many architectures and am happy to include whats needed from attention to dense to diffusion to conv etc
no it seems like yolo11 does exist (https://arxiv.org/html/2410.17725v1) maybe just comment to reference them,
tell me about my model architecture be precise
i mean does your architecture have something like titans
help me summarizing this paper in a slide: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.15316
Teach me the pace framework
back to this model: meta-llama/Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct
start the paragraph by saying why metric matters rather than saying critical or crucial
Cant an encoder decoder structure use transformers
also need arxiv transformers etc
from the xclass, and flattened patch how is an embedding formed
which is better:     embeddings = HuggingFaceEmbeddings(model_name="sentence-transformers/multi-qa-MiniLM-L6-cos-v1")     embeddings = HuggingFaceEmbeddings(model_name="intfloat/e5-base-v2")
what is ipv4 in cost of cloud
fix this: it is now indented \pagestyle{plain}  {\Large \textbf{AI-Enhanced Infrared Imaging for Precision Weak Lensing:} \\  \textbf{A Multi-Modal Foundation Model for Euclid's NISP and VIS Integration}}  \vspace{0.25in}  \tableofcontents  \vspace{0.5in}
ok all is working good now, can you tell me what the model does in bullet points step by step but not too long
can you explain more the score function, why does the gradient of log likelihood matter how does it a gaussian noise more towards the data
what does external retrieval mechansim mean
what is the preprocessing called for time series by bringing them to a same start
if I use SOM to predict a missing band in a galaxy SED is it similar to SSL as a representation of a data is learned and used to fill in missing parts of it?
so the langgraph nodes use the langchain tools?
I want it for a talk about your data might not be as special as you think
who should I cite for foundation models or multi modal
how about \caption{Selected fields for DL model training and their associated Spitzer programs.}
what are some benefits of temporal alignment
how can i improve it you mentioned lang graph
what should i call this model, more informative than superres as i have many versions now
thanks. give me the revised model please
if a large training set of images and text that goes with it is needed to train  clip how is it not considered supervised and is still self superciswed
how much does a p3 instance cost on aws per hour
the reconstructed looks like it has learned nothing
not sure, I am trying to figure out whether mathematics is just a language and maybe the most precise one we have
is select project correct or selected
what are these types of problems called in economics to do the best matching
no both wise and spitzer will go in training so the transition is learned
how is then the trained model with a learned embedding is used to do for example a downstream task of regression
what does contrived surrogate task mean
