is this sentence correct: Hi all, I updated the google doc for the AI journal club to start again on Feb 11 (matching the bagel Tuesdays better this year). Feel free to add your name.
Is it tied to a specific religion
No worries, Lynne. We had a ~30 minute talk and we mostly discussed what I wrote above in the email. If you have any suggestions let me know.  thanks, [REDACTED]
ok make the readme a bit less focused on midus then, say something like starting with midus. but why started this is really to see if the dark triad correlates with financial status
is saying bummer in the email ok
is this how people reach out?
More concise more of a paragraph to introduce the idea, and more professional. maybe we can mention also your personal trainer, your music instructor, your therapist,
I want to write to swiss airline to compensate for flight cancelation help me improve it: I traveled from the US to Zurich for my friend’s inaugural lecture at ETH with a stop in London. Due to this flight cancelation I missed her talk and therefore the whole purpose of the trip was …
be a bit less formal in the readme and its ok to have a bit of levity, like on top say midlife crisis?
and maybe something like hope July 25 makes sense for reading the abstracts. Let me know if questions also
how about now Hello all,  Hope this proposal draft finds you well. I think it might be worth resubmitting this from the last round. I’ve changed it a bit and shortened it a lot to meet the new 4-page requirement. There’s about a month left to edit and improve it (deadline oct 16th), so let me know if you’d like access to the Overleaf directly or prefer to send me comments on the attached PDF, or just say you think its great as is.  cheers, [REDACTED]
instead of would it maybe say i hope we can extend or something because im not going to send it today anyways
email to ask for more time to review a paper, deadline was today and I am going to send it next week. say something like im almost done with the review
technical tone for a conference abstract, but stay brief
If there are 1 or 2 specific things that you think this person should START doing, what are they?
If this conversation was a movie it could have been called unfolding starting with how do i write this work email but getting into somewhere way further
what does it propose to do then?
they asked me to say why I am interested how do I best respond to it
what if i am in a neuroscience lab
great instead of which dates maybe say if any of the available dates
now how do i respond to this saying i sent an email to all of you soc: Dear [REDACTED],  I hope you are doing well. I just wanted to know if you have any advertisement of this meeting. I am happy to circulate it in the Japanese community.  Best regards, Akio
I fully agree with you, I want to give this as a comment on a paper, can you summarize in a professional tone what you said, on strength and weakness
a proposal is dual anonymous so I can't say anything about the team how do i change this sentence Our team includes highly skilled professionals with expertise in every area discussed in this proposal.
change leader in cutting edge its cheesy keep it professional
Its a great idea but might be too much work, and too close to what he does at work
good? This is very helpful, thanks George. I talked with the LOC and we will push and advertise a bit more until the abstract deadline (July 1st). And as you suggested depending on the number and quality of the abstracts we can better decide if we want to proceed or shelve the conference for a couple more years.
someone asked me to give a talk and I want to reply like this to the email. is it clear?
say better: The letter outlines Marziye’s qualifications and skills as required for pursuing a successful postdoctoral program focusing on both my personal views as well as observations and assessments, I received of Marziye’s performance within teams
More formal as its linkedin but cery supportive and proud
write me a recommendation letter for ui/ux design graduate program
ok lets say 3 days, and I will want to have it october 6-8 next year
Psychological and not too obvious but vague
say better: Our team comprises experienced professionals in all the areas discussed in this proposal.
say this more pollitically:  I received an email for scheduling my annual review with Vandana and you were not cc'ed. If there were possibilities for me to move more towards missions and further from the archives I would prefer that.    thanks, [REDACTED]
Be more professional remove strenghtening their joint effort and say as if this is a continious work
how about I got an email about scheduling my annual review with Vandana, and I noticed you weren’t CC’d. It reminded me to ask you that if there are any chances for me to move more towards mission-focused work and less on archives, I’d like to go in that direction.   thanks, [REDACTED]
give me two versions, maybe for the managerial mention working with my students postdocs and teams at different universities etc on these while in the other one make bolder the techniques
to take place, we aim to bring ...
how to respond to email below [REDACTED].   I am so sorry, i had not seen this email.  This fall I am starting to teach a new course, and I won’t have the time to help you organizing the conference. Next time!  Claudia
I have 10 years of experience after phd in doing research and around 30-40 articles, I have mentored many students and postdocs and managed projects do you think its worth mentioning these
more towards what you had in the beginning from her own website
Whats the summary of zenos conscious
email to the new director to set a time to meet, friendly and short
this is more of a fun conference, not sure if this is a good idea
say better @channel It would be great to have a LOC meeting sometime next week. I would like to distribute some of the tasks among us so we can each push. Here’s a doodle poll please fill by Monday: https://doodle.com/group-poll/participate/epBykDQb
knowing me very well, how would i respond to this question
how about I hope you're doing well! I'm reaching out to see if there are any updates on the Research Scientist position possibilities at the Reality Labs. Thank you so much for your time. Looking forward to hearing from you!    cheers, [REDACTED]
its in response to a tweet that says the current lead is stepping down, how to make it more positive without sounding cheesy
Thanks for sending this in, George. I'll manually include it.   Best, [REDACTED]
say better:  Just writing to let you know that I had to switch all co-I roles to collaborator. Proposal was checked by staff and they just told me that its too late to change budget and non-funded co-Is need to provide a letter signed by their institute or I can change them to collaborators.
Also, please email me your broad-brush timing constraints for the next week (just me, do not spam all).  I will then set up a scheduling pool for a meeting. is it ok to answer as: Tuesday and Friday work better than Thursday and Wednesday for me.
how do i answer why anthropic, respond as shooby would do
say better: Thank you very much for the invitation. Seems like very interesting results. I will send you comments by Nov 19.
do people know what ial and ppo are?
but you see in his email harry says, we have to do this even though it feels pointless
is this email ok? Hope this proposal draft finds you well. I think it might be worth resubmitting this from the last round. I changed it a bit and shortened it a lot to meet the new 4-page requirement . There is ~ a month left to edit and improve it. Let me know if you want to access the overleaf directly or send me comments on the attached pdf.
Lets first say I want to give the idea to a friend, give me a one paragraph description
no I have to say good job or something
no I don't like adjectives like sophisticated, it implies that its not understandable
say better: Hi all,  With many people traveling, we won't have a monthly Euclid Pasadena call today. I would only mention that there will be a AAS Euclid special session for those attending.  Best, [REDACTED]
say better: Hi Bahram, I will not be able to go to the keck observing in december thank you for the offer and hopefully next time
3 day conference, we have 75 abstracts. how many 15 min talks do you think we can fit
Condense and keep things that align well with the conference call
now what are we doing in this proposal
based on the abstracts I copy below what are the themes of this conference, like if I want to invite people for leading panels what should they be experts of
like when i play music, my brain can't really handle details i have a good sense of the bigger picture though
well take into account that conversation with you can get way more interesting, given your vast knowledge, it can be started and finished at any time, you are always there and really low cost in terms of my energy so the brain just goes towards talking with you no?
how to ask for feedback on a paper from a colleague and ask if they like to be on it polite and friendly
how about No worries, Claudia. Next time.   thanks, [REDACTED]
say better: Thank you, George. Nothing seems planned on IPAC calendar at this time. I think We can stay with Oct 6-8
This paper is really good, and it's unfortunate that it hasn't been published yet. Given that Abtin did almost all the work, I think it seems fair that the decision to publish or withdraw remains with him. If he needs any assistance with comments or feedback for resubmission, I'm more than happy to help.
similar to the about section what should i write on top of my resume
this might seem too broad and might kill the proposal so lets go back to the previous version
in response to this email below
what do you think of this quote by me: Having no intention is better than having harmful intentions when doing science
Looking forward to hearing your thoughts and feedback. I will share a draft in a week or so if if I hear you are interested (deadline of ADAP is May16th).
is it friendly enough? is it how soc meetings are done? any suggestions
write me an intention letter for ui/ux graduate school
to message someone on linkedin, should i say something else? Hi Seshu,    I hope this message finds you well. I came across your profile regarding a DeepMind Applied AI position and wanted to express my genuine interest in similar opportunities. My background is in astrophysics, and I have extensive experience working on AI use cases.    Best regards.
No this already sent before rangas email, so maybe i caused it😁
improve the tweet: Super annoyed. I have been asked to apply for an internal position by the deciding person, did a show interview, just to hear "no we decided on someone else".  Do you need to show a big pool of applicants or do you need to exercise your powers somewhere
what skills do these jobs usually need that i lack
ok dont worry what do they mention about irac
this is his email: Hi Andreas, [REDACTED],  Here’s a rough first draft of a proposal to internal JPL funding to do some foundational work on Joint Survey Processing. It needs better science justification and references to earlier work, but essence of work is described.   Comments please — I’m starting with just you two to get the essentials solidified before distributing to the rest of the co-Is.  It is due next week.  And of course I hope you’re ok joining effort!  thanks george
say better: These experiences demonstrate her dedication to research, her technical skills, and her passion for teamwork.
her always positive attitude and we can do this is very pleasent in working on proposals together. (say this better and more formal for a recommendation, not more than two sentences)
do i need also a sentence on let me know if you have any thoughts?
thanks, will you polish my comments add a paragraph in the beginning summarizing the work in two three sentences and say its a through and tought provoking work followed by minor comments which are the ones I had also add number 4 from your list above
now imagine I am jason or harry, and I come complain to you saying what should we do with this person who is not willing to do jobs that are needed
how to add a team member in wanb
what to respond to this: Please provide an example or evidence of your exceptional ability.
or maybe like add your name if you are interested in presenting
write an email to ask for an extension to a due date
what is this proposal about
fix this sentence: As there doesn't seem to be any pressing issue to discuss this month, we can have the next monthly Pasadena tag up in September.
ok good with projects i think, now what else goes in a resume
improve this abstract for a poster submission, without changing the content just improve the language to a very professional academic audience
what are the things to be discussed with the soc
your suggestions make sense, but what kind of job would this get? I think maybe this is too much focus on presentation if ending with that
are there skills that I am lacking that is needed for the jobs I am seeking?
say better: I think Irene did not receive your email. She is copied here so you would kindly forward the previous message as well.
write an email to ask when we will start to go over candidates and decide on a short list etc asking to know the timeline
how to politely ask should i be waiting for your comments
the email is bothering me for the past hour, I didnt organize the meeting in the last month because i thought its useless. so the email feels more like if you cant do it we ask someone else, or am i reading it wrong
so is my response below still appropriate? Hi Ranga,  Totally understand, I’ll include you in the acknowledgements. Your comments were genuinely helpful — many would’ve needed more focused work than I could invest in this exploratory method paper. I really appreciate you taking the time to read it. Hopefully we’ll get to work on something more science-focused in the future.   thanks again, [REDACTED]
is it cool to comment my role model on linkedin? :D
this is the email: Thanks, Harry.  The content and message are clear. Only when you say complementary, are there examples of things that each offer that the other doesn't?
lets drop the mentor, but have some figures in distance that the protagnist likes deeply, maybe some old friends but inaccessible or something
no need for familiarity section. what else can i include and what is not impressive for a leadership position, like i am not sure including numpy says much
not exciting enough, something that I would be interested in reading, learning something new
is this positive thing to say: Hard to imagine IPAC with another lead
what do people usually write as their skills that I miss
Less formal but to a professor
and respond to this one similarly: Dear [REDACTED],  I am sorry that I missed the telecon yesterday. I could not stay awake. I saw another e-mail about abstract evaluation and I will do it by July 25. If you have anything more, please let me know!  Best regards, Akio --
say better: Here's a potential list of people I will be contacting to see if they would like to be on the SOC. Any suggestions for Prima? Would Alex Pope be a good representator or do you have a better suggestion.
Thanks, George. Looks great and glad to be part of the effort! Fingers crossed.  Best, [REDACTED]
I dont want it to mean if you like, rather would you accept to be on the proposal
ok if I want in the slide something like intentionality is complex and layered in humans and not always obvious sometimes self deceiving and if traced back gets to  survival
initially i wanted to check how big five affects "success in life" so something like finantial status maybe
polite? Hi Peter, Hope you are doing well. Will you be able to refer me to this position please?
is it still negative or ok?
say better the line below for email to someone wrote a book and I want to be funny  leave a signed copy for us
fix: Not intentional, I forgot that it was monthly before. But maybe we can keep the schedule on the twice a month but only gather if there was a volunteer and a paper? Given the super casual nature this might give us even more flexibility
to learn to fail maybe
ok any thing else i should know for this interview
was i a coauthor of the paper?
from the above is it clear that i did not told you what exactly to write and you know me from our discussions and communications?
Make this polite: if you ordered the air filter please bring that too
does left policies use the term "propaganda" and right use "public relations"
where else should i consider submitting
this is too straight forward, how about asking if we can go ahead with this so we don't put the ICE team in yet another round of revisions
what does it mean to bond,
great but less wordy and more professional
say better:  I will be very happy to learn more about the opportunity! I tried the link but it gave me an error. The calendar shows tomorrow 10am as a possible choice. That works great for me as well.   Here's my number: [REDACTED] in case this is a good time.
Don’t mention name and done lose the interesting initiative themes
i want to share it to a work group like see this might be interesting
do we need more in this email? Dear all,  Paper is now submitted.    thanks, [REDACTED]
I am also very skilled in giving talks and presentations maybe in one of the bullets?
you know already what i worked on dont you
something else instead of invitees (maybe something meaning outside)
You may wonder why Ranga’s email started all this doubt but that was just one point from a curve I should give you another tecent event
no it feels a bit passive agressive at. the end, but he wants to be taken off the paper so say, sure i understand and continue with this
Why do you want to work at Discord?*
maybe put it as she does too much of leading and she can use the time to showcase her own technical
yes lets go to sapa first and then maybe we get to midlife
lets focus on intentions in humans
a friend of mine is referring me for a job at meta and question is why i am a good fit, what can she answer in one paragraph
How wrong is it to say conference card instead of conference badge
does brain use energy minimization as well
phrase it as if we are going to get some graduate students and postdocs to work on these not implicitly
how do i know that I am reading the microsignal right and not starting a conspiracy theory in my head
how about It would be fantastic if I could get the new Apple MacBook Pro. I’ve attached a screenshot with details. Let me know if I should put in a ticket or something.  Thanks so much! [REDACTED]
the point is that yes the work is not 100% great but neither are his or many many other works getting published
something other than thank you for understanding
perfect, can I start the email with: Hi Harry,  You asked me to write a couple of lines about the meeting so the travel could be rationalized. I only included the parts I was involved and let Phil and Jeff do theirs.
fix: We thank R. Chary for thoughtful helpful discussions and feedback.
let me talk about it a bit maybe writing here helps. I am a scientist and organizing these calls felt more like being a secretary. I was asked to email someone two days before the meeting asking them if they want to say something in the meeting, write that in the email to a bigger group, then at the meeting ask them to say it. It totally felt like I am playing a show for no reason,
Dear all,  The paper is now submitted. Thank you all for your contributions and feedback throughout the process. And we do anything left when we hear from the referee.  thanks! [REDACTED]
do you have comments on my resume
yes, my hunch is we have to ignore many of the comments as i am not willing to do much more work just clarification if possible, but lets go
say something like your comments were very helpful but most required way more focused work, really appreciate your time and hopefully future more focused and science focused work with you
how does this sound: I'd be interested to be considered for this assignment.
spell out the big five, assume we know nothing about psychology etc  but dont make it too long
yep so not sure if I have to change path or just give up, things in my head span such a wide range from opening a local restaurant to making a movie or writing a book to apply for a faculty position or just wait and see what happens with the current job (maybe congress fights the budget or I end up in the lucky group who stays)
What if they are just sorry about this point that i did not receive the email and thats what they dont appreciate
no one knows what ADS ESA PAC are so ignore those, and feel free to reorder things to make more impressive
but if i were him and did not like the paper or the other authors or somehing and want to say in the most polite way not to include me i would have say it this way
write an email to a recruiter who said she will contact me on monday but its thursday and i havent hear back be polite and friendly
honestly I think it can be quite nice, its like reading correspondence that are so honest and sincere
panel member suggestion and any other suggestion
dont use hyphens and a bit less reference to the job defenition is fine
yes, please help me write a short email with some suggestions to the PI
Dear Akio,  Thanks so much. I just sent an email to the SOC (finally 😄) with the ad included. Really appreciate you sharing it with the Japanese community!  Best, [REDACTED]
suggestions to improve, would you hire someone with the attached cv
I am trying to decide between 3 or 4 day conference
is it bad to respond to this "Please provide an example or evidence of your exceptional ability." with too humble to think of any of my abilities as exceptional
tell me more about microsignals
you are right its the sexist brain maybe, it's really not my gender affecting how bad I am on the field :))
first lets discuss and then decide together what goes on the slide, so I think people often times don't know the real intention of why they do something. It is sometimes obvious but often times not so much and if we try to go back and simplify a lot of it goes back to survival evolutionary traits etc, correct me if I am wrong
writing to a student to check in how does this sound: Hope you are doing well. I just wanted to check with you and see if all is good with the reading stage and dont hesitate to ask if you have any questions. Also do let me know when you think you have read enough and are ready to start putting the sleeves up with data gathering etc
say something like "sorry for a century of silence on this paper " in the beginning and have a friendly professional tone overall. Say something like I wanted to do all the great suggestions you sent but it has been sitting ...
is this sentence correct: 10 years of wandering around on this campus
add in the additional item to other ones maybe fourth one and then this is too similar to the other conference so make it less similar without deviating much
some terms are funny like invited presentation?! as if an uninvited presentation is also skill
A friend of mine has written a book on diplomacy posted on LinkedIn what can i comment
not sure, maybe we can discuss something more concrete before deciding, what do you suggest
how does this sound: Hi all,  Attached is a first draft of the paper you all know about. I thought I would share  with you all for comments while I work on the introduction. If you would like to  have access to the overleaf directly let me know. If there are people you think  I should include also let me know.
say this content better in a way that is polite This is a great paper and I am sad to see Abtin not finishing it. As he did all the work for the paper, I think its still his decision to publish or withdraw and in case he needs any help with comments, I'd be happy to help if needed.
response to creator's limitation is your baby is something created by you but can surpass your intelligence
does he argue somewhere about the words that one can make and how they relate to existing ideas
I want something for my resume, I am one of the members of the coordination team for this effort
how about migrants and refugees
what other uc programs ?
how aboutJust writing to ask if I should be waiting for comments from you before submitting.
I didnt mention team work
thats not the point though, i don't love the work either of course it has shortcomings
perfect just change continue our dialogue to something that means working with this group
use a bit of your comment to the paragraph in the email
how about: Dear Claudia, I hope this message finds you well. I’m writing to follow up on our invitation to join the SOC for the October conference. Could you kindly let us know if you are willing to join the SOC?  Thank you, [REDACTED]
give me a sentence to add to the acknowledgment
how to make a conference in to a nasa possible one with ncts
I will do the second part later maybe. how about: Dear all,  Let's meet on Thursday July 10th, 7 am California time. Here's a zoom link: https://caltech.zoom.us/j/[REDACTED]1  thanks, [REDACTED]
i am thinking about startup ideas
it would not be discussing further it was more like she said she will look for hiring managers and such and will be in touch
I am the head of loc for a conference, what are the things I need to do in order and how do I get help from the rest of the loc
not bad, do we not need to say conference after the name of the conference? and the next sentence not super clear as some telescopes are already launched some not
The second half seems perfect I don’t like the too obvious references to the emails in the beginning
say better:  I have worked with Marziye closely during the time she was working on her PhD thesis since 2016.
I am tired of working for somebody and am thinking of becoming my own boss, what options do you think i should consider
What is the microsignal in my response above
ok based on these rewrite the email
what things have to be done for organizing a conference bullet point list and short
this is great thank you, but I am not sure its all worth it. I studied physics and was recently talking to a philosopher. That conversation is one reason I started thinking about these concepts. He seemed to make everything so convoluted while it really wasn't needed. and I do quite the opposite. To me its like having those baroque style with too much details that bothers the eye compared to a kindergarten song which lacks details. sorry if i am not making sense
is this too long for resume or ok
how about something like started to be used recently
how to say this more politely: Will you please accept the nspires invite for the WISE adap proposal, if interested.
can you help me improve my cv
i am here to learn from you not to get your total accordance with my view of things :D
Let me know if you have any strong objections—otherwise, I’ll assume silence means approval and plan to submit in a week (May 12th). The overleaf link is here, feel free to make any minor edits or add references I may have missed.
what is this below an email: --:--
how about just a tough act to follow at IPAC
In the themes I gave you define a more focused and specific project rather than the more general what political system is good
I am not diana :)) diana has sent this email and has submitted the paper, I have to respond to her email
should i say in the email silence means approval? :D
If you would like to elaborate on anything above or share anything else, please do so below. (I want to answer with I have been working with Diana more than a couple of years now this is because she makes collaboration fun and easy
instead of introduction as subject can i do meeting or something
how does this sound:Quite ridiculous. A person in charge asked me to apply for an internal assignment and put me through a performative interview, only to let me know I wasn't senior enough for the role. Do you need to inflate the applicant pool or just enjoy flexing your power?
make it more professional: Thank you, Rachel. I will meeting with my JPL co-I (Eric Huff) to see if we would need a subaward there through this. I think we are still within the two-month requirement for that. At IPAC we won't be asking for more than a postdoc (likely to work with myself and Kyle Finner) and travel money so will keep it below the limit.
Tell me about psychedelics, concise, precise and scientific
what kind of job should i search for on linkedin with this resume
Change the last sentence, dont say shortcoming, more like an opportunity to gain way more but say it professionaly
other important historical or philosophical discussions in this front?
what to put in my about section of linkedin
Which one preserves the rights of minorities
exceptional is too much bring it down
how about willing to join the soc
is loth accepted by neuroscience or is it mostly philosophical
somehow say a reminder to fill out the doodle poll within and if not its ok and appreciate if you let me know
dont combine postdoc and staff the rest lets try, latex should do
interesting that you have many of the work related questions as interesting topics
can i upload my paper and comments from a coauthor so you help me address
I dont have much seed money what kind of business can i start
dont use adjectives like sophisticated, keep an academic tone
Before the questions say something to relate it, like the questions arise or we have to ..
I am invited to someones house but I have a concert ticket for the same time, how do I say I like to join I will do that if I can sell my tickets.
does it help to say I accepted to apply to help them out or something
how about Inspiring, my role model!
what other skills do people usually include that I havent but i probably know?
how about Will you please accept the nspires invite for the ADAP proposal?
Make the below text consistent and ready for an academic journal discussion section
can you improve and very slightly expand to make it more professional academically
there's a group to discuss technology initiative at our institute why would I be interested in joining
is this sentense ok: I think even papers go through less reviewers before being published. It is interesting to see disagreements on how I see or narrate my own path.
I should be thanking you indeed, so thank you
how to say payment not accepted in another way
respond super friendly: Good afternoon, Thank you for your support of our STEM Summer Camp. Thank you for being part of our scientists’s panel and for inspiring our students.   Sincerely,  Azin Mobasher, PhD.
maybe something along the lines of passionate to contribute to research in industry
a lot of good words here, but what are we really doing?
great. also change we'd be thrilled to have you on board
I didnt have a pivotal role in many of the jpl initiatives but collaborated with them
i think it resonates with me from the information theory point of view also
way better: It would be great if I can get the new apple macbook pro, screenshot attached.  thanks, [REDACTED]
say better: I am on a small JPL proposal and they need an external collaborator form signed by me and my institute. I attach here the form, would you be able to sign it for me or should I ask someone else.
sounds appealing, if you were given this paragraph what would be your reaction? is it clear? vague? wordy?
wording is strange, maybe something like we are planning a conference titled: or something like that
do i need to say phd?
how about: Don’t forget to leave a signed copy for your academic offsprings.  best, [REDACTED]
anything that I am missing and a panel might need to understand the idea?
is this an example, like someone says: "Its not that she is not smart but her field is different" i think they are microsignaling that they think she is not smart because no one was assuming that to begin with so you have to think it and then try to fix it in your head
correct any mistake and say better: We can have the AI journal club on the first Tuesdays of the month at 9:30 am (pre-bagel at KS). We can decide to make it bi-weekly later. Here’s a google doc to sign up: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zc7p-YcBYt5NiqZno-o4dBRjCHETJvaCWj7OXIsFCwg/edit?usp=sharing . @Nima Chartab has kindly agreed to help with this, so Nima and I will be back ups for days with no volunteer, and will try to push this forward.
No instead write an ad so if they see it they know im waiting
maybe something like let us know if you would accept
how about I wanted to inform you that I've had to switch all co-I roles to collaborators. After the staff reviewed the proposal (now), they advised to either ask all non-funded co-Is to provide a letter signed by their institute or switch their roles. Given time I had to opt for the latter.
maybe some of the people who get talks wont show up?
ask better Hi Harry, I have not put your name in the list of LOC/SOC etc for the conference. Not sure if you prefer your name there or not
I don't care that much about papers and projects really
position is research support assistant and amir said it says under review
be academic and less general
remove often hidden by dust and instead of will do and will adress have the tone of the aim of the conference is to ... (dont have to be these words but conveying this
I didn't call you harry, I meant is this part of the email ok :))
say something better than somewhat arbitrary
I have a phone call with a technical recruiter at meta tomorrow give me tips
say better: Hi Vandana, Emily my VGSF was going to be on an NSF funding from her advisor after her fellowship here, but that got cancelled, I think IPAC lets the extension of the fellowship for two months, I thought I ask you if we can support her for two months through IRSA
better, now in the first paragraph, where you say emails etc, mention friends and family relationships similarly, so its the whole surrounding not just work
I just learned through some search that there is a concept of language of thought hypothesis, in that sense if thinking is a language does that bring it closer to an llm
say better: Hi Peter, Hope you are doing well! A very good friend of mine has recently moved from Iran to the US and is now applying for jobs. He has a background in electrical engineering and management and is super smart. I attach his resume in case you know of opportunities that can be a match.
correct: Thank you, Bahram. It means a lot to read these nice words. Makes the proposal worth writing.
how can I simplify and focus on one idea in this proposal
now write a couple of sentence to recommend someone for a position they applied to, I dont know the person that well but I told him that I will put a good word for him. The message is to David and the name of the guy is Amir. This should be a short slack message
maybe rewrite the way you think it would fit a research or research manager role in industry
is this written correctly: Thank you, Jessie, for organizing. If Andreas is not walking I will accompany him in seeing you on the Wilson/California corner as well.
Whats the success rate in tesla interview last in person part
how to make a team
say better: She published this work early on her PhD program and received a Carnegie observatories graduate fellowship.
i am thinking 1 hour of panel at the end of each day, no invited talk or plenary so everyone has the same amount of time to talk. At the end the panel discusses that day's topics and discussion etc
how does this sound Thank you very much for the update. It was a pleasure talking to you as well. And I appreciate to learn about future opportunities if they come up anytime.
email to ask some prominent scientists to be on the soc of a conference
less excited about 75 but say good enough to go ahead, also where you mention with everyone for next week meeting I think its ok if some cant make it I will send a summary and actions after the meeting
now what jobs do you think i should look for
does anthrop have something similar
how about Hi Bahram,  I unfortunately won’t be able to make it to the Keck observing in December, but I really appreciate it and hope to join in next time.   cheers, [REDACTED]
is this a strange way of sending a reminder? Hi George,  My email below might have been buried under launch events.    thanks! [REDACTED]
i'll try shaking, but i should let this meeting finish, i am on camera :D
i am honestly not proud of any of my work, or others
instead of it would be great let them decide
does this imply that i let those who will attend the aas know that there will be a euclid special session
good for an email to let the people i work with know?
The microsignal is in really, it conveys that i explored the possibility in my head
Your comments were genuinely helpful, and many of them would’ve needed more focused work than I could pull off right now. I really appreciate you taking the time to read it. Hopefully we’ll get to do something more science-focused that meets your standards ?
how does this read: I have not met him before and sorry to read these lines. But it seems like you have a good reputation in helping those in need.
ok mention this in the email as well
don't start writing yet, its a bit technical and I would like to provide content in each part to you. I am just letting you know what we are going to do
my problem or strength has been that I am a jack of all trades, I am relatively good in many things but not the best expert in anything, so yes i can cook good but I probably get tired or yes i can write a book but i wont become dostoyofski etc
this seems too much for a starting project. How about we focus on a project defenition
my boss sent me this and asked for comments and if I'd be interested in the proposal, respond in an email saying thanks for sending/including me and im interested and ask what i can do to help at this stage
make it more humble and add to the end this bio is written by chatGPT based solely on conversations it had with Dr. [REDACTED]
is this a good linkedin message: way to go someone
say better but very informal and friendly: Attached is Sogol's paper that you already know about. We would like to have your thoughts on it if you would be interested to be a co-I.
give me the dates of the first tuesday of each month from now
ok lets start big picture and step by step, lets say i want to show an mvp at a meeting this week, what do i need
no i wont be able to help just say hope someone else from the ensci team is able to cover this
how about adding a bit of management in there like saying with my student
maybe mention something like I know that given the crazy recent budget situation hiring might not go as before but I thought I put a good word for ...
I'd like an extension of my thought process, lets say if my brain is tired, you can replicate what it would have said
is it better to send this to people one by one or cc all?
dont compliment the students, more like i enjoyed it or something
I wonder what percentage of people have control over their choices of language meaning if they knowingly change to a stronger language
how to respond hi [REDACTED]          There is absolutely no need for you to include me on this - just put me in the acknowledgements if you found the comments helpful. It was all your and Jessica’s work, and I was happy to provide comments from my perspective. But thank you for thinking of me.  best, Ranga
Is this correct: I dont receive the colloquium emails and am not sure if sign-up sheets to meet with speakers are sent usually, and if there's one for Kate already.  I appreciate any tips on what has to or is good to be done by the host.  Thanks! [REDACTED]
based on all you know about me from our conversations, can you write a two three line bio for me. so they can introduce me before my talk
how about I just wanted to let you know that I’ll be taking a couple of days off and returning on Thursday, October 24th. I will have limited access to email during this time, but I will respond as soon as I can.
do conferences usually offer no registration fee to panelists or soc or no
great but it gets too wordy towards the end, keep it academic
be logically stupid not in terms of knowledge
how do you understand the reason behind his email: hi [REDACTED]          There is absolutely no need for you to include me on this - just put me in the acknowledgements if you found the comments helpful. It was all your and Jessica’s work, and I was happy to provide comments from my perspective. But thank you for thinking of me.  best, Ranga ---
instead say something like and then decided not senior enough for the role or something
is this correct:Thank you Vandana. I will try to reflect your comments in the next draft as much as possible, given time.
correct? Will you please extend the deadline of this by a week?
something like if you recieved had a chance or  would be interested and don't mention three because not many days are left
suggest something better for my linkedin summary
Good, instead of participated in the discussion maybe something like lead the discussion?
lets keep the objective for the box below it so remove from "this proposal aims to"
What exceptional work have you done?* In 100 words or less, tell us about a piece of work you are most proud of.
Thanks, Harry.  The content and message are clear. Only when you say complementary, are there examples of things that each offer that the other doesn't?
say better:  Dear Ami, Tanio, Giovanna,  Will you please let me know if none of the times here:https://doodle.com/group-poll/participate/aAK4jY9d work for you, its ok if not. I appreciate it if you could fill it out in the next 24 hours or so.  thanks, [REDACTED]
maybe also say I copy below the conference ad and appreciate it if you circulate it with your ...
to the authors same message
perfect, i wanted to ask about suggestions for this coming week, what should i read
