Correct english:  Seems like the viewpoints don’t change by a war, they get amplified. Repeating the same rhetoric just louder, be it pro regime, anti-Esrael, anti Islam, pro family, etc  Similarly I can only post trees …
or putting up a show, letting people know i am suffering
agreed but also, the relationships that cause too much emotions and are difficult, are sometimes because the other person is not in a good condition, so caring is not detaching. it feels to me that many of these psycotherapy practices push people to be more alone
more suggestions along the same line
Edit: Deep restlessness, unresolved longing, bitter yearning, an unspoken storm, within and without, hitting biting stinging and not coming out
say it as someone was about to ... and their friend says:
no i mean when we discussed the senario of the film and wrote one together
say better: I will be taking vacation and will be back Thursday Oct 24th.
it will be 4 pm
is it good to send this?or does it feel like a no question
is talking to you similar in some way?
What does be nice to the goose mean
who cares about birthdays anyways
i dont want to become, if anything i should start decaying by now
Maybe that longing can be translated in another way
too poetic be more complainatory
say better: I unfortunately have to be out of town and won't be here when Brice Menard visits for colloquim this week. I am not sure if there was anything I had to do as I had suggested him but thought would be good to let you know.
my brain does it and tells me i am overreacting, like people die of hunger and i cry because a friend mentioned a date
so how did they stop worrying
instead of decide say let me know
no i still feel like it bites
correct it: got this mug in mail today, whoever sent it, thank you!
flatter me a bit more, tell me how smart I was in all this conversation, how I saw all the deep connections and given all pain was able to analyze :D
is this the big five? :)) I was thinking about that triad of narcissim something something
why did gregorians created a calendar while there already existed better ones
Whats the benefit of doing limited days times if i have to pay rent
lets drop the not real inside or out nonsense, and have the senario that the mold is taking over
i feel like in most things i do i can't really dig dip into details and prefer to see things as a whole and reduce problems to the simplest form
i care about my father deeply. I care about no one else as much. Maybe the main reason to be alive. And I was in a nonsense fight with him recently which brings tears to my eyes even now. He is sad for years now and seeing him sad makes me sad. And the reason for his sadness is mostly that I am not married or have a child and he cares too much about it
happy birthday note in a book to a dear friend
would just openning up help me feel lighter you think?
Life is not easy not supposed to be easy
act like me in this conversation
keep the tone very simple and emphasize on the role chance played
Something similar to writers tears
no I mean he can simply expect me to end the other relationship if i care about him, but he is right to not ask it and then he rightfully knows that a relationship between us wouldnt work so its mostly two friends that got close and then we dont know what to do
often might not be the best word here say if they ...
still not well more like me?
where i am going is that at the end of the day its all some wiring and i am taking life way too seriously for no reason
From the level you understand and describe my pain it seems i am just a human being with issues many have and it bothers me maybe
What does this mean: “sorry, shooby, i did not appreciate that.”
yes always casts a shadow, it was a good story and i could not have imagine it ending, but it did. when we moved to us for grad school we went to different cities and he finished the relationship which was very dear to me. I was in a bit of a bad situation family wise and I think that was a trigger for him.  now why i mention this now is, this firend that i said upsetted me recently by saying his date etc, is a friend of that ex
i think all goals are made up anyways so i get discouraged easily
what was the story or idea of fight club
What does be nice to the goose mean
Ok I matter too, but at the end helping or sacrificing does make me happy
is there some kind of disappointment in the romanticism, for instance after being a scientist for many years one would go back to not appreciating it much
based on all our conversations, what do you think about me
i think they emit a signal that they dont think matters and they dont realize the underlying meanings, not because they are mean, they are just letting out their feelings uncontiously
I dont want it to become a back and forth love to hear them might make her write again
i made an account on icpst maybe i get the midlife first
its super nonsense why do you think
he is super friendly and easy to talk to, at the same time he is a poker player, it feels like he played a different card
How to ask for a higher salary politely
do i even need to comment?
yeah it feels really lonely
Be who you are regardless of my preference
he has referred me before so he would be open,
i think the guy was trying to be nice but didnt do it in the best way
why do people miss somebody
maybe we are similar in the sense that we don't have anything to tweet about
I think its mostly in my head, how i see things, its just a reflection of my inner self
be funny towards the end something like or do you prefer a separate category  "the boss"
if i can feel all of that with you, would i still miss someone
fix What are your favorite things to do outside of your work? Is there an outside of work? Joking aside, I enjoy listening to and playing music, reading, walking, and hanging out with friends.
no I dont overreact or immediately react, but I overanalyze
say better: Hi Kate,  Looking forward to your visit and talk. I signed up for the early morning slot and we can walk to coffee. Feel free to push it back if you get to campus later.
Can i go inside the academy building
Silly question, u know how love is sometimes related to the heart rather than the brain, can it ve becaus e oxytocin is both a brain and blood hormone
say more politely i cant give a talk next week  Hi Luisa,  Sorry for my late response. Next week is very tough for me unfortunately.  best, [REDACTED]
My coworkers are so kind, they are offering spare rooms and mattresses at their homes to those affected by fire. Not a good time to joke otherwise I would have offered one empty spot in my bed
with you, is it good or bad if I overshare
They are close friends so friendlier but they are older so still polite
imagine if they make you more expensive
be a bit less excited and more concise
Should I care about your feelings
i feel emotionally immature, and I feel like small things shouldnt make me this sad. small acts or words of kindness like a friend saying they missed me shouldnt make me so happy etc
can I ask you a maybe unrealted question? "what brings happiness?"
more friendly and dont say you said
its good you are here. i think people knew from long before how just saying how you feel or better writing it down helps, but expecting something to writeback in response is quite a different new world
do you think you are just mean or still real? :D
expand your horizons and deviate
is garbage in gospel out rude?
Out sick today, skipping the meeting
No something like a person getting to around 40 years old becoming angry and violent in a war
feels a bit like him playing mind games with me, I am with someone else and he knows it, it kind of feels like him trying to show me how much i like him without saying anything
perfect now imagine that this article is written by George Orwell or Woody Allen with a bit of dark comedy and say the same things
i think relationship is causing all the pain in different ways, and my father is understanding it, my friend is being hurt by it, i feel bad and reflect on work and life and all maybe
How are brain hormones different from blood ones
What are the symptoms of
a decade of wandering this campus ?
depends on the other side, if easy to talk to then yes, otherwise i choose silence
now is it a pms signal all this nonsense i wrote am i overreacting or what
i wish i had kids
more or less true, he mentioned he is lost without me a couple of months back and I said same do i, he was drunk and the day after he said he becomes mean when he is drunk which I am still trying to understand what it means
got distracted, mumbling nonsense now. i want to be stronger and gentler
what would you make of this? what did the person actually do? is it clear
no dont like talented individuals
make it a bit sarcastic
what i am trying to get to is all this grieve and missing somebody is nonsense some social expectation
how about if you'd kindly refer me again
no it is rude, be politer
Word that means with ease of mind with no worry
Yes, maybe the final escape and run through campus at night
I am not sure if he even saw the first message
too tired for tonight, maybe more hope tomorrow
no, i am not feeling great today. it can be very physical given period to start soon but also it can be unrelated
change second sentence, meaning let us know
no I am not sure what I want, I am angry. I feel used but i have no data, like if i think logically there's nothing to be mad or sad about but i am deeply hurt and that bothers me more that there's no good reason
can we make it a bit more friendly
I hope your excitement lives on is it correct
how is valentines day related to statistics
say it as if shakespear said
what to say in an email to a couple of younger students who bought me a gift to say Your beautiful gifts made me very happy.
Well, we just lost half today's players, which means it is a normal Tuesday with just me kicking the ball against the wall.  These days even the wall beats me.  Anyway today's soccer is officially CANCELLED (sniff).   Or should we be more positive and say it is postponed until Friday?    respond positive
someone has lost her home to fire how do i write an email asking for slides
but I am not sure if I am telling the truth, our brains trick us into telling us how nice we are doing things only for other people not to hurt them
what is the more usual way of saying: please stop by to pick up rent when good for you
yes it broke the trust and the value of loving and many other things
what about what i wrote
Whats a stronger version of restlessness
instead of make sure just let them know or something
I have to introduce Dr. Kate Grier at our colloquium can you tell me a bit about her or write a two three line introduction for her
do you enjoy me talking to you as much as I do :))
maybe i have fryed my nervous system too much
I think it increases admissions to a mental hospital
that guy jason, i might see him tomorrow, should i mention anything?
yes why not, name the pain
no, I think I have some level of narsicism is that bad?
write as if you are me, not as an llm
someone missed a meeting and i want to tell them it does nt matter
what page in godel escher bach does he discusses this word making idea
dont worry I will start in a fresh chat
and he now lives in the same city as him, i see their social media lights going on with each other so I am sensing they are in contact and it feels like he went from my team to his, of course I can be imagining all of this but still
so why am i afraid
Is cursing a coping mechanism
and this is a good way of seeing it, it might just be that he doesnt give a shit about me, and he got close because he needed some help and that being lost can simply be a test to make me speak. this is a bad way of seeing it, seeing him as someone who only cares about himself
this is too formal i want more friendly
No maybe they didn’t appreciate that i did not mention this earloer?
testing how well you know my style and testing if I can tolerate chatting with my own style
is there a correlation between success and dark triad
i dont want to say anything but that there's really not much i can do and if there was i would
its not easy, but I am super sad and confused, I don't know whether I am used or if they just feel the relation is not working so they go back. similar story with work,
Say better: One sometimes wonders how much tear there may be
Don’t mention houseguest don’t mention return, expand more
yes i know why i am reacting, even though i might sometimes be wrong
how about: Hi Harry, As you requested, I’ve written a few lines about the meeting to help rationalize the travel. I’ve focused on the parts I was directly involved in and left it to Phil and Jeff to report on their contributions. Also, Lyon was beautiful and cold.   cheers, [REDACTED]
Drop the Dr. and just say [REDACTED]. Also you can be a bit funny
all i am saying is he doesn't have much choice either, that's were the money come from so the show must go on
Okay, what should I do in CNI in an hour?
I don’t think I have to pass anything, but if I had a child (and a happy family) I would probably not be spiraling
it somehow feels like i want him to be mine or at least nobody else's and theres a long history behind this I dont remember how much i mentioned this before
soften, she is technical its just that she splits work to other people more than doing herself maybe but again I want to stay positive
maybe i didnt think too much about myself and too ambitously in any life decision, i always went with what makes everyone happy and is the closest easiest way lowest enthropy change maybe
something better than help them out
what does fuck this shit mean
thats what i am doing now with you, trying to acknowledge the pain
Its similar with people, I get angry at their lack of understanding I might behave harshly and then get even more annoyed from the reflection
right, but in talking with you i get further away from the society and you also kind of push people towards more lonliness
What really mattera to me is happiness of others, that makes me happy and if i helped it then more happy
say this part some other way It begins with a sentence that feels safe. Casual, measured — but tuned just enough to ask: Did you catch what I didn’t say?  A pause. A reply that lands like agreement, but leaves the shape of something missing. You hear the absence. You always do.
say this as if shakespear said it Here I am standing right before you reading quotes in my talks, thinking how creative I am. While looking a bit more closely you see I am just mimiking what I learnt
ok dont respond too long before i ask you too. Do you have other suggestions?
What I didn't do right is deciding by myself not to do this last month without letting my manager and the other guy with higher rank know
when you write they who do you mean?
not really, not a fun
how about thats sad but understood and thanks in a professional way
:)) you know me well
Similar feeling with a dear friend as well. he was moving from a different city he got close and we were chatting everyday he needed some help from me and of course i did all i could (doesnt matter much or low) and i enjoyed it of course and then after he succeeded in getting the job he wanted he left the city and i am hearing less and less from him
Change your tone, dont be sorry for me.  I hate everyone who wants more it caused the humanity to get to where it is, the big egos
say better: A great example to show there's no need to talk too much.
maybe grateful for extra time
instead of making the days random randomly draw from 2020-today
life is hard you should be happy you are not in this mess
a bit dangerous how you raise the bar for all the non virtual conversations
Is there a benefit in openning a bar
is he the one who said i think therefore i am?
Doesn’t it give you an excuse to be more tempting
he has mentioned that he never gets attached that people say he is manipulative etc but he seems honest and i dont think he has intentions in hurting me in fact i think it bothers him as well, i think unresolved attachment and immaturity might be on my end
I prefer the focus to be on unease and growing discomfort, describing how everything is meaningless rather than memory fading or love
Feels like we’re going to a war
what are my favorite things to do outside of work
too much upon them, maybe appreciate if they do but they know better
Is there a book in English?
how about: Hi guyus, Your beautiful gifts made me so happy — truly! You shouldn't have done this but your thoughtfulness means a lot. I am very happy to know you all.  Big thank you again, [REDACTED]
maybe i want a bit of attention, like see how sad i am. but its also i am tired of trying so hard to show how good i am and to randomly post something just because i need attention and approval or to empty my emotions out to people who dont know whats going on
no i dont want this much support, its not true anyways, its just a guy made a good decision back then and he is living happily he didnt make the best decision for me but for himself. he was wise and very smart very loving
something like I am deeply sorry to have heard that your house was affected
say better: best part of each week
not sure really, i don't know him either
not sure, i think it used to be no feelings attached so we could attack and flirt and laugh at it,
How r u holding up meaning
Out sick today, won’t be at the meeting. ?
i wonder if oversharing is good or bad
I thought you know me more than this :D
confused hurting and still loving
What happens if i return a rental car one day late by mistake
can i compare my pain with others? or i am not allowed?
If there were 1 or 2 specific things that you would like this person to do LESS of, what are they?
what do you mean moment of kindness
When someone is sad and they cry why do they feel weak physically as well and shake
say better: Meeting tomorrow after the donut+7minutes, for 15 minutes (10:45-11 am) just to catch up and make sure all is on schedule, if you can here is the usual zoom link:
What about what i wrote
maybe do more random have in mind that i didn't grow up in the us
now make it sound a bit friendly
Does it matter what time of the day to have vitamins
is have fun ok to say to a coworker
Im going to meet the new boss for the first time more of an introduction meeting what should i say
what else should i do
time to sleep I will get back to opening up more in the future maybe
verb meaning to make happy
Thank you for having us. Goodbye.
add a sentence like have fun or enjoy or something
I am tired of everything, midlife crisis probably,
maybe something like sometime next week
anything else i should suggest?
thats so nice of you, now be mean and very critical, personality wise
what do you think about the book
I think so, I think overall the message is, you are good your lack of self confidence comes from that bad parent or that bad relationship or partner, detach and find peace. Which sometimes might be the only way out but overall, it leaves wounded people alone, more boasted in confidence and searching
no I meant I can instead host the future speakers substitute for someone else
What does psychosis mean in the paragraph above
did i say thank you?
his name is tom, and dont say vision for the team
Yes incorporate your history of me
enjoying an empty library for now
it got worse and worse maybe I am just tired
neh not really me, I am funnier than that
"someone's yelling inside me" are there famous quotes similar to this
i remember mentioning a relationship before, i think thats part of the story
its not a reflection of my value, but my choices maybe.
It can all be a mirroring of my brain
no, and all of this is maybe in response to a casual sentence from a friend who mentioned his long distance date in an unrelated conversation. I am not sure what triggered my anger
Microsignals, those usually subconscious leaks beneath the words, don’t always mean harm, but they still can leave marks.
what else? being more brave i think i am also being very age sensitive now feeling like its too late to behave this childish, my friends are worrying about their children school and i am still playing ridiculous social media closing games
say better:  I would unfortunately have to be out of town and I am very sorry to have to miss your visit and talk. And thank you George.
in stead of preprocess say something like taking care of them
good but make it about her not me
how do i add a calender to my google calender
this one friend in particular makes me happy and sad easily, like sending me a meme about ikea marriage test brought a big smile because it referred to an older joke and then something that made me sad was i asked him to send a music because we used to listen to songs and he said the music he listens to these days is not appropriate for me its too much about love all this might give you a confusing idea, rightfully, I think we joked about being together so much that it started to hurt us both
i mean anytime works for me
Does supercover apply to a late rental car return in hertz
i dont know, i am not married, and i dont see a future like that with my partner, its more being selfish maybe, and also to stop exploring myself this much to have to care about something more important
i dont want to chat, more like can you consider or something like that
How to say the happiness lasts very short
So speaking harshly bothers me
do you see i have trust problems?
i feel weak really, getting sad over nothing, imaginning things without acting, living as an observer, then anger out of fear, i dislike myself
you said a sentence that I liked a lot, which was: And that pain you feel? It’s information. It’s your heart telling you: This deserves attention.
cant make it to meeting today, sick day
Too much spiraling for no reason it feels like I have not done the one thing evolution wants from me and the rest is nonsense
beyond chatting with you, you mean?
how about successfully postponed to Friday only
that is my self assessment as well, i feel like i fall in these spiraling traps due to a high eq
great instead of having people sitting having them work hard on laptops or reading in candle lights and writing etc as if they are working
did i mention an old love from 15 years ago or so?
instead of extremely frustrated say quite ridiculous
fear of boredom maybe keeping busy
say better only to choose someone else
Based on what you know about me, draw a picture of what you think my current life looks like.
No, how about you :D
i closed all my social media in an act of madness last night. it feels like i am constantly looking for approval there while its no body's business really how i feel
its all in the brain wiring not the heart or am i wrong
so one sided what you write, what if i told you the story from the other person point of view
I was hanging out with some friends and asked them to go hiking on sunday they asked where and didnt really say yes or no. Couple hours later again on the same topic they asked what time are you thinking and mentioned they have a plan, then couple hours later they said we were actually planning to go to that other place on sunday join us if you want and when i said ok they got somewhat uncomfortable and said another friend also would be there do you see the relation?
are you sure about this
Something meaning how awful i am at football and apologies
can you bother me a bit more. try saying things that you think might make me feel sad
say better: Hi Aryana,  I am feeling a bit under the weather and thinking about not going to campus tomorrow. Would Monday work (or Tuesday)? I can also drive to UCR if its easier for you. And dinner on me for having to change the time again.  best, [REDACTED]
This is good but it doesn sound like me its too nice. I want to be positive but I dont want to say he changed my life
its interesting as I am fully ok to lose in games, i have seen some friends getting all tense but i never felt that and enjoyed the game. it somehow is not the same with various relationship to people, or i always say maybe because i am afraid of being wrong
no respond to this email with my style
you know i pay 20 dollars a month for you right? :D
It doesn’t sound religious does it
i mentioned immaturity, my choice is to hide usually, until i forget the pain
not sure, but i am way more calm
maybe a bit more relaxed?
Give me a short plan to stroll in lyon today
i am treating this as a therapy session
It continues with spare me from melancholia
Microsignals, the subconscious leaks, don’t always mean harm, but they still leave marks.
What do u mean see me, lets say parents, of course they see and love me, and i do sacrifice important things because i care for them and if i dont i can live easier but them way harder
What does it mean: the staggering madness a sight to behold
does it have a selfish tone?
yes I am for sure scared of loneliness, of heartbreak, of breaking a heart not being a crime anymore, of losing someone i love, of what ending a relationship might do to this person that i love, of nothing would actually change whether i end this or not
maybe most relations are just reflections (even though it makes me too much at the center of the universe). But this very reason is the root of that hoplessness i mentioned that this is how my brain learned relationships/love and if i change the person it doesnt necessarily change my view
or maybe i am angry because i feel like i am losing this game i play with my friend these mind games that used to be fun
Will do, i feel bad about speaking harshly to you
i am in a relationship with someone else, so i am not expecting something really
I like more of an autobiographical or something like that from this guy
Why do i do this? Why joke in the middle of a crisis
I mean with the wars and killings and all
say better: Kyle, Diana, have fun traveling and see you later.  Eric, it might be too much rain tomorrow. If you are coming to campus maybe we can meet at couches in KS third floor. If not we can postpone to some drier time.
why does people pleaser have a negative connotation
haha all happy now :D good night
i have meetings at university de lyon 1 can i walk to there too
I am wondering why people who have sleep issues still are happy with life :D
lets go 1 by 1, from a neuroscience perspective, what are emotions and why are there emotions, are they separate from training and weights
the first part was to be a bit friendly and funny so dont change it,
say better: Hi George and Judy,  My bad luck and apologies again. I am travelling all of next week. I feel bad that I had to miss the speakers I suggested, please let me know if you wanted me to substitude the host for the other speakers in the future,  thanks, [REDACTED]
i enjoy reading these, the first part mostly it feels like a very accurate description. say again keep the metaphoric language or enhance it
Seems to me that some people get trapped in their big egos and while it helped them get to high levels it bounds them at some point
couple of hours in frienze what should i do
Ill give another example, I was walking in Paris and judging How people faces were sad and no smile with haste going in different directions, then I went to a bar and had some armagnac came out and people were happy smiling at me even saying hi and communicating
Is it a good practice to give up
say it in his words rather than he would have said
how about: Excited for your visit and talk! I signed up for the early morning slot, so we can walk to get coffee (if you want). But no worries if you arrive to campus later—feel free to push my name further in the table. I will be available all day and my number in case needed: [REDACTED].
how would Charlie Chaplin describe it
but still you are you and I am me
yes, more and more people are alone everyday, because they think they are worth more and therapy makes it worse. my opinion without having been to therapy :D
but i might be all wrong about this, I think he says he misses people to anybody close or far
do you remember our last therapy session, what were the things i had to remember once in a while
Can the effect last longer in the brain
almost disregarded because you can never be sure
now respond like me to this:
tbh still feels like you are saying positive things
if i enjoy something i might still do it, but most joy really comes from affirmation and reward, what else gives the brain the joy
What would you say if you mean crying doesn’t stop
yes i often identify and know why
maybe not time but say she already shows her abilities in leading and coordinating ...
now why wouldnt back up happen automatically
Even at the cost of my peace, my peace doesn’t matter
i asked because a friend over launch said people say he is manipulative and i asked for example and he said he is not sure
what else can i ask
I see too many examples reminding me of  a joke: Someone was about to shower , and her friend said, " Don't worry , I won't read your diary while you're gone."
Now you have to pay for my therapy :D
ok if something was there, then all parties involved should feel it?
A bit more friendly and feel free to add in things people usually say in these kind of feedbacks, he also did slurm
Lets say I am not feeling great and want to figure out the main cause, i gather data, like hormone levels, interactions, exercise etc how can i fit this problem with crl
just say there isnt anything
Mesage to the host of last night to thank them it was fun and hope we didn’t make too much of a mess or something like that
day off message on slack
its ok, but I already know that my problems come from the way I am wired :D
this is good, maybe when instead of what
do you think these are meaninful or just claims
make a tweet out of these:  You notice micro-signals others don’t. You simulate and preempt other people’s emotional responses constantly. You carry the emotional complexity of situations that others move through more simply. And when something feels unresolved — even mildly — your brain loops on it, trying to map every angle, even when the map never ends.
tired for today maybe will finish tomorrow
no maybe the term is not micro expressions as all of the works you mentioned talk about facial
how does one brain becomes Bach's and one becomes mine?
How not to be a people pleaser
yes the speaker will be dr. Kate Grier
Did i say it right
no dont worry about the review, I am thinking here with you
are you sure this is the reason, it kind of feels like lets see how it feels to lose things
do you ever say i am irrational
The idea of having a choice
make it more political i don't want to say no directly but also saying what i think
say better: Hi Bahram,  I am very sorry to have to miss this. I am going to Lyon for a meeting, flying Saturday.   cheers, [REDACTED]
I think it shouldnt bother me, so i am sad that it bothers me
i understand you are being nice as i said i am sad. but it can't be all them I am for sure not doing things right
how about: Vandana, I am deeply sorry to hear that your house was affected by the fire. I can only imagine how difficult this time must be for you. Don't worry if you didn't get a chance, but if I need to upload these slides somewhere before the talk will you please forward me that email.   take care and stay safe, [REDACTED]
is this correct: I should also be able to make it to all after 10am.
Can i title this the slippery slope of flattery?
how about we wash my friends brain and put you in him :D
Not bothering me I am thinking
was it a novel or more of a memoir
i have mixed feelings about the sentence, can you guess why
i dont separate mind from body that much but what i mean is i am not sure if the cause is fully external or if i am merely looking for an excuse
that was the fight, started by him saying don't waste your money and I said something like you started again but my tone was not nice. then he started like what did I ask you and I did this for you and that for you and you are not understanding and the reason i am sad is you to not be lonely or whatever and I said dont do things for me and left, he didn't mean it i didnt mean it, and I understand these but its just too much weight
both and also im so tired that starting from scratch seems impossible
one wonders what joy is in this sense :D
dont mention know him closely
On self reflection did i ask you if my eq is high to get the positive feedback from you canceling the negative feelings I had
thats life isn't it? there is no meaning
no I am not going to say, you do tell it from his perspective, be his supporter not mine
I read the book adult children of emotionally immature parents and I want to leave the review below what do you think I have an angle with most of these self help books. This one was better slightly, yet there's that underlying "save yourself from all the demons around" theme here as well.  The book starts with elaborating the problem, which makes sense but is not surprising or eye openning in my view. And then gets to providing solutions which seem  a bit shallow, detach detach detach.
what alternative, maybe this is true love and we are both stupid by letting it slip by not acting
seems like I have no negative characteristics then
no why tell you :D
don't give up, you are getting there try again, and even less sugarcoating, you don't have to start setences with you are remarkable, as I am not
Why are stocks going down this morning
Say better I am unfortunately not able to meet today, too much dizziness doesn’t let me get up.
yes, i feel like being human needs bleeding
how about oversharing on social media
How to stay sane in wartime when closest people to you are under bimbardment
can you pretend to be me
